docs: add documentation comment for force_api_defaults (#2619)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: snippets/dashboard-config.mdx

Set the number of maximum connections in the Redis connection pool, which defaults to 500. Set to a higher value if you are expecting more traffic.

### force_api_defaults
ENV: <b>TYK_DB_FORCEAPIDEFAULTS</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

> ForceApiDefaults specifically forces the StripListenPath setting to true for all APIs created or updated through the Tyk Dashboard or imported via Tyk Sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set to true, this forces the [listenPath.strip](/api-management/gateway-config-tyk-oas#listenpath) setting to true for all APIs created or updated through the Tyk Dashboard API or UI.
```

Set the number of maximum connections in the Redis connection pool, which defaults to 500. Set to a higher value if you are expecting more traffic.

### force_api_defaults
ENV: <b>TYK_DB_FORCEAPIDEFAULTS</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

ForceApiDefaults specifically forces the StripListenPath setting to true for all APIs created or updated through the Tyk Dashboard or imported via Tyk Sync.

> Note: Despite its generic name, this setting currently only affects the StripListenPath behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
